We didn't help you find your biological father.
You're not going back with them. What are you doing here?
Sister, don't you want to destroy
Let's discuss the wedding with the high price
Master Ou, please stop entangling with me
I used to dislike you
I will look down on you in the future
I only have Yaoyao in my heart now
I won't marry you, just die.
Don't worry.
I don't have a hobby of picking up trash, what do you say?
Sister, I know you are not willing to leave the Bai family
Leave the lamb brother
Can be expensive
What my brother needs is a suitable wife
Rather than a poor person
That is.
I don't want to be buried in my heart by a poor family
Could it be on the way home?
I heard that the family is poor and can't live anymore
I want to run back again
Stay in our Bai family
Stop dreaming
You hurry up and hit him
What if you rely on others?
yuanyuan
I know you left the Bai family
You have the guts
Today, I came here on purpose, including chance encounters.
You still want us to take you in?
No.
You take yourselves too seriously.
I came here today to have dinner with my family
This is a fancy restaurant!
A meal costs tens of thousands of dollars
Your family is bankrupt
I'm afraid I can't order a dish either.
Did you just come to want some money? I'll give it to you
Here's 1,000 bucks, take it, hurry up and go